第一章   【2014-9-12】每天进步一点点(试运行)


one of the computerlike devices was developed in Germany by Konrad Zuse in 1941.
第一个类似计算机的装置之一是1941年由德国的Konrad Zuse研制的，
called the z3,it was general-purpose,stored-program machine with many electronic parts,but it had a mechanical memory.
叫做Z3,它是通用型储存程序机器，具有许多电子部件，但是它的存储器是机械的。
another electromechanical com-puting machine was developed by howard aiken,with financial assistance from ibm,at harvard university in 1943.
另一台机电式计算机器是由霍华德.艾坎在IBM的资助下于1943年在哈佛大学研制的。
it was called the automatic sequence control calculator mark i ,or simply the harvard mark i .
它被称为自动序列控制计算器Mark I,或简称哈佛Mark I。
neither of these machines was a true computer ,however,because they were not entirely electronic.
然而，这些机器都不是真正的计算机,因为它们不是完全电子化的。

第二章 【2014-9-13】每天进步一点点(试运行)


perhaps the most influential of the early computerlike devices was the electronic numerical integrator and computer,or ENIAC.
也许早期最具影响力的类似计算机的装置应该是电子数字积分计算机，或简称ENIAC。
it was developed by j.presper eckert and john mauchly  at the university of pennsylvania.
它是由宾夕凡尼亚大学的J. Presper Eckert 和John Mauchly 研制的。
the project began in 1943 and was completed in 1946.
该工程于1943年开始，并于1946年完成。
the machine was huge .it weighed 30 tons and contained over 18,000 vacuum tubes.

这台机器极其庞大，重达30吨，而且包含18,000多个真空管。


第三章 【2014-9-16】每天进步一点点(试运行)


the ENIAC was a major advancement for its time.
ENIAC是当时重要的成就。
it was the first general-purpose, electronic computing machine and was capable of performing thousands of operations per second.
它是第一台通用型电子计算机器，并能够执行每秒数千次运算。
it was controlled, however ,by switches and plugs that had to be manually set.
然而,它是由开关和继电器控制的，必须手工设定。
thus,although it was a  general-purpose electronic device,it did not have a stored program.
因此，虽然它是一个通用型电子装置，但是它没有储存程序。
therefore, it  did not have all the characteristics of a computer.
因此,它不具备计算机的所有特征。


第四章 【2014-9-17】每天进步一点点(试运行)


while working o the ENIAC, eckert and mauchly were joined by a brilliant mathe-matician,john von neuman.
在ENIAC的研制中，一个天才的数学家Von Neuman(冯.诺伊曼)加入到  Eckert和Mauchly团队,
together,they developed the idea of a stored program computer .
他们一起提出了储存程序计算机的主意。
this machine,called the electronic discrete variable automatic computer, or EDVAC, was the first machine whose design included all the characteristics of a computer .
这部机器被称做电子离散变量自动计算机, 或简称EDVAC,是第一部包括了计算机所有特征的机器。
it  was not completed ,however ,until 1951.
然而,直到1951年，它一直没有完成。


第五章 【2014-9-18】每天进步一点点(试运行)


before the EDVAC  was finished,several other machines were built that incorporated elements of the EDVAC design of eckert ,mauchly ,and von neuman.
在EDVAC完成之前，其他一些机器建成了，它们吸收了Eckert、Mauchly和Neuman设计的要素。
one was the electronic delay storage automatic computer, or EDSAC ,which was developed in cambridge,england .
其中一部是在英国剑桥研制的电子延迟存储自动计算机,或简称EDSAC，
it first operated in may of 1949 and is probably the world's first electronic stored-program,general-purpose computer to become operational.
它在1949年5月首次运行，它可能是世界的第一台电子储存程序、通用型计算机投入运行。
the first computer to operate in the united states was the  binary automatic computer,or BINAC,which became operational in august of 1949.
在美国运行的第一部计算机是二进制自动计算机,或简称BINAC,它在1949年8月投入运行。