第一章   【2014-9-12】每天进步一点点(试运行)


one of the computerlike devices was developed in Germany by Konrad Zuse in 1941.

called the z3,it was general-purpose,stored-program machine with many electronic parts,but it had a mechanical memory.

another electromechanical com-puting machine was developed by howard aiken,with financial assistance from ibm,at harvard university in 1943.

it was called the automatic sequence control calculator mark i ,or simply the harvard mark i .

neither of these machines was a true computer ,however,because they were not entirely electronic.




第二章 【2014-9-13】每天进步一点点(试运行)


perhaps the most influential of the early computerlike devices was the electronic numerical integrator and computer,or ENIAC.

it was developed by j.presper eckert and john mauchly  at the university of pennsylvania.

the project began in 1943 and was completed in 1946.

the machine was huge 

it weighed 30 tons and contained over 18,000 vacuum tubes.


第三章 【2014-9-16】每天进步一点点(试运行)


the ENIAC was a major advancement for its time.

it was the first general-purpose, electronic computing machine and was capable of performing thousands of operations per second.

it was controlled, however ,by switches and plugs that had to be manually set.

thus,although it was a  general-purpose electronic device,it didi not have a stored program.

therefore, it  did not have all the characteristics of a computer.

第四章 【2014-9-17】每天进步一点点(试运行)


while working o the ENIAC, eckert and mauchly were joined by a brilliant mathe-matician,john von neuman.

together,they developed the idea of a stored program computer .

this machine,called the electronic discrete variable automatic computer, or EDVAC, was the first machine whose design included all the characteristics of a computer .

it  was not completed ,however ,until 1951.




第五章 【2014-9-18】每天进步一点点(试运行)


before the EDVAC  was finished,several other machines were built that incorporated elements of the EDVAC design of eckert ,mauchly ,and von neuman.

one was the electronic delay storage automatic computer, or EDSAC ,which was developed in cambridge,england .


it first operated in may of 1949 and is probably the world's first electronic stored-program,general-purpose computer to become operational.

the first computer to operate in the united states was the  binary automatic computer,or BINAC,which became operational in august of 1949.